README.rst, before:

codePost Powertools
===================

.. badges

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/codepost-powertools/badge/?version=latest
   :target: https://codepost-powertools.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
   :alt: Documentation Status

.. |codePost SDK| replace:: ``codePost`` SDK
.. _codePost SDK: https://github.com/codepost-io/codepost-python

Some helpful codePost tools to aid with grading flow using the |codePost SDK|_!

These tools were originally created to support the grading process for COS126,
the introductory Computer Science course at Princeton University.

.. end-intro

Documentation
-------------

The documentation can be found
`here <https://codepost-powertools.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_.

.. start-overview

Installation
------------

.. code-block:: bash

   $ pip install codepost-powertools

Usage
-----

You should have a dedicated folder for the usage of these tools, since it
requires an input config file and outputs files for certain commands /
functions. It is recommended to use a virtual environment for this:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ python -m venv env
   $ source env/bin/activate
   (env) $ python -m pip install codepost-powertools
   (env) $ cptools --help
   (env) $ python my_script.py

By default, the package will look for a configuration file called
``config.yaml`` that contains a field ``"api_key"`` for your codePost API key.
See `here <https://docs.codepost.io/docs#2-obtaining-your-codepost-api-key>`_
for instructions on how to access your codePost API key, as well as more
information on the config YAML file.

.. note::
   This package *does not* use the default ``codepost-config.yaml`` file that
   the ``codepost`` package uses. However, you can pass a custom path to your
   config file to :meth:`~codepost_powertools.log_in_codepost` if you wish.

Command Line Usage
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can access the command-line interface with the ``cptools`` command:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ cptools --help

   Usage: cptools [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

     The `codepost_powertools` package on the command line.

Please see |CLI docs| for more information.

Script Usage
^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can import the package in a script:

.. code-block:: python

   import codepost_powertools as cptools
   
   # Log in to codePost
   cptools.log_in_codepost()

   # Call methods

Please see |Scripting docs| for more information.

.. end-overview

.. When the README is viewed on its own, can't provide a link
.. |CLI docs| replace:: the CLI documentation
.. |Scripting docs| replace:: the "Writing Scripts" documentation

Commit message:

Separate the README and the overview page
For the README to be PyPi-compliant, it cannot contain Sphinx extension
elements, such as `:py:class:`. For the documentation's "Overview" page
to still be detailed and descriptive, I decided to separate the two, so
the README.rst file is now a little simpler.

Also, not sure why PyPi doesn't allow two links to have the same label
text. I had to change "See here" to "See this page" so it wouldn't
conflict with another "see here".

README.rst, after:

codePost Powertools
===================

.. badges

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/codepost-powertools/badge/?version=latest
   :target: https://codepost-powertools.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
   :alt: Documentation Status

.. |codePost SDK| replace:: ``codePost`` SDK
.. _codePost SDK: https://github.com/codepost-io/codepost-python

Some helpful codePost tools to aid with grading flow using the |codePost SDK|_!

These tools were originally created to support the grading process for COS126,
the introductory Computer Science course at Princeton University.

.. end-intro

Documentation
-------------

The documentation can be found
`here <https://codepost-powertools.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_.

.. The "Overview" page in the documentation is a more detailed version of the
   below. Note that it does not use it directly, since this file must be PyPi-
   compliant. See:
   https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/guides/making-a-pypi-friendly-readme/#validating-restructuredtext-markup

Installation
------------

.. code-block:: bash

   $ pip install codepost-powertools

Usage
-----

Please see the documentation for a more detailed description of the usage.

You should have a dedicated folder for the usage of these tools, since it
requires an input config file and outputs files for certain commands /
functions. It is recommended to use a virtual environment for this:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ python -m venv env
   $ source env/bin/activate
   (env) $ python -m pip install codepost-powertools
   (env) $ cptools --help
   (env) $ python my_script.py

By default, the package will look for a configuration file called
``config.yaml`` that contains a field ``"api_key"`` for your codePost API key.
See
`this page <https://docs.codepost.io/docs#2-obtaining-your-codepost-api-key>`_
for instructions on how to access your codePost API key, as well as more
information on the config YAML file. You must have admin access to all the
courses you wish to access with this package.

Command Line Usage
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can access the command-line interface with the ``cptools`` command:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ cptools --help

   Usage: cptools [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

     The `codepost_powertools` package on the command line.

Please see the CLI documentation for more information.

Script Usage
^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can import the package in a script:

.. code-block:: python

   import codepost_powertools as cptools
   
   # Log in to codePost
   cptools.log_in_codepost()

   # Call methods

Please see the "Writing Scripts" documentation for more information.
